But it doesn't matter now
He actually helped that bad woman bully her mother
Whether he's dad or not, I don't want to recognize him anymore
This scum doesn't deserve Mommy
Is it a cold city?
I'd like to see who you are
If scum dares to bully mommy, I will never let you go
Is that what you're gonna eat tonight?
It's so sad
Summer Lily, you are not welcome in our house.
Please go out
In the early summer, don't think that Xi Shao helped you today
In fact, the person he loves the most is still me
Look, this is the flower Xi Shao gave me. Does it look good?
Summer Lily
What are you trying to say? I want you and your whole family
Get out of Jiangcheng
Otherwise
It's just a little injury to your son and daughter today
It may be saved next time.
Broken hand and foot